DJT <-> SJR - March 20
VIEW RECORDING - 42 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/-nqgoPqr-rbLvPna3xJyrMjHmsyTcRYp

---

0:00 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  Oh, Jesus. Reconnecting. Oh,  great.

0:03 - Stewart Rogers
  No, it's working. There you go.

0:05 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  Hey. How you doing?

0:07 - Stewart Rogers
  What's up? What's new? That jet black hair, man.

0:10 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  I'll tell you what, I date a Chinese woman, right? It's like, I know the deal. I know the deal.  It's ridiculous. Although, although, you know, she's, she's like, she's super envious of this. She's like, she's like, do I have another gray hair?  Do I have another? And I'm like, you realize you're going against like 4,000 years of cultural to, to, to hold on to the jet.

0:33 - Stewart Rogers
  Did you see that  guy that was being touted around on social media? So a Chinese guy, possibly, I think he Chinese 68 years old or something like that.

0:49 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  Yeah. He looks 25.

0:52 - Stewart Rogers
  He's, he looks literally 25. He's ripped. He's got an eight pack, dude. He looks literally 25. I'm like a K-pop idol.  I'm telling you.

1:03 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  Between genetics, I mean, I've seen what their mother looks like. I'm good. Between genetics and, you know, I'm not going to make the obvious comment.  Well, besides genetics and the way the world is going, like, she's a Chinese, well, she's a Hong Konger, so Chinese citizen in 20 years.  Formerly British.

1:30 - Stewart Rogers
  Right.

1:31 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  She's also a Canadian citizen, and she's a British citizen. I mean, it's like, this is my game to lose, unless I massively  this up, you know?

1:41 - Stewart Rogers
  Right. Yeah. Whereas what you have here is two people who constantly remind people here that we are integrating, trying to elevate the reading, but we're not taking over because we're British and Russian.  And both of both of those countries don't have a great year.

2:07 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  We had a bit of a blowout fight the other day, and I kind of, you know, I kind of had to take a little moment and say, okay, I live in her house.  She's kind of my, yeah, it was a bit of a dick check, in other words. Anyway, yeah, yeah, I know how you feel.

2:29 - Stewart Rogers
  I mean, I'm very chill, as you know. Nothing stresses me much.

2:34 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  I cut my beard this morning. Sorry, that's why I keep looking.

2:37 - Stewart Rogers
  very good. I think I missed this one right here. It looks very, if you had a top hat, you'd look like, just like Oscar Clark.

2:47 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  I do have a top hat, but it's in the loft. It's above, you know, it's like a costume party.

2:51 - Stewart Rogers
  Do you know Oscar?

2:53 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  No. Who? Oscar Clark, without an E.

2:57 - Stewart Rogers
  Oscar Clark is a dear friend of mine. He's a video game legend. He's actually an advisor on Eevee because he was the guy that brought PlayStation home to 38 million PS3s.  So we got him as an advisor. Yeah, excellently cut beard. Mm hmm. Wow, that's really to the it's to the point.

3:22 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  Yeah, geez. Anyway. Okay. Yeah. So what's what's going on? What's shaking? What's new? I'm I'm I'm like, Yeah, anyway.

3:32 - Stewart Rogers
  Well, let's talk about the the wonderful four letter words, HMRC. Oh, yeah.

3:39 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  Where's the  check, man?

3:42 - Stewart Rogers
  So little story. Every time you go into the HMRC app, it's next to useless. Within there, they have a tool that says, estimate when we'll get back in touch with you.  And you choose your department. Tell Tell it. Tell it. When you sent the letter in, even though it's got a form tracker and it knows when you sent letters in, and then it says, we will be in touch with you by this date.  Now, from November, it said December, and then towards the start of December, it said end of December. Then it said towards the end of December, end of January.  It kept on flipping, flipping, flipping. And then I saw a story on the telegraph about how overwhelmed the HMRC are, probably because it used to be the case that about 30% of all jobs in the UK were social services.  Most likely, they've cut back so far, they've cut too close to the bone, and they don't have enough people to deal with everything.

4:52 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  So, the Doge program. Yeah, totally overwhelmed.

4:58 - Stewart Rogers
  So, in the end, And I, in February, start of February, I crafted a very carefully worded letter and very carefully worded to be a tier one complaint.  February the 18th, they received that letter. Yeah, thank you. Welcome. And then it went, I saw it in the form tracker because of course, you know, you can't call them every time you call.  Somewhere between instantaneously and 26 minutes into the bit, after you've got through the ridiculous menu, which changes every time almost, it just hangs up on you.  Yep. The online chatbot, never anybody there. Right. Right. So it's completely unbelievable. And it breaks their own charter, right?  Their own charter is being broken by themselves. So basically, I sent in this letter, February 18, it was received.  Then when. when. I receipt processing about two weeks later and I got a text message and an email and this is something that is unusual because I've not been able to contact them since November last year when we sent the  thing in.  They actually got in touch with me so I'm seeing that as progress. Would you believe I log in under the UK VPN, I log into the HMRC app every  day.  Yesterday, it was still processing. Today, it says completed. Now, I haven't had a text message or an email yet, but we are burassic at the minute.  We've got one prospect that could come in for three and a half grand. We've got a bit of a cash flow hole because all that problem with people not paying us and, you know, all the  that happened and the fact the HMRC aren't helping out.  link So here Once We It's I Thank you. You know, we ended up with that sort of, the roller coaster is in the wrong place, like my birthday is on the 25th, the rent is due around the same time, and at the moment we've got about 90 euros left in the account, so I'm really  hoping, dude, because this is going to be a very sad weekend anyway, I'm really hoping, beyond all hope, that you receive, you know, a cheque.  Hopefully we'll just send it, and hopefully we'll send me a text message and email saying, yeah, we're really sorry we looked into it, you're absolutely right.  So I even did all the mathematics for them in that letter, so I said, look, this is how much you  owe me.  Right. So hopefully it's all good. Okay. So that's one thing. Yeah. Second thing, obviously, at this moment in time, I'm looking for literally anything that is humanly possible that I can do, even if it's like $300 for writing an art.  Yeah. Sure. I'll take it . All So, you know, I don't care at the moment. Usually I charge a grant, but I'm like, what are going to do this weekend to eat sandwiches?   hell.

8:08 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  So, dude, I'll tell you what, I looked into jobs at Richer Sounds.

8:17 - Stewart Rogers
  Richer Sounds. I haven't heard that forever. Right.

8:21 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  I mean, Cambridge Audio, Richer Sounds. Right. I mean, I looked into jobs. They're totally not hiring at all.

8:29 - Stewart Rogers
  Oh, wow. Wow.

8:31 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  I mean, like, I'll be honest with you, So, like, not to derail the conversation here, but basically I, oh, Pringles.  Wow. Can you get your hand down to the bottom?

8:42 - Stewart Rogers
  Look at that flavor.

8:45 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  Oh, you might be eating ham sandwiches, but you're eating  decadent crisps, you . Chris Spillane. Do you know him?  That name rings a bell.

8:58 - Stewart Rogers
  Yeah.

8:58 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  He does comms for Roona. Used to write for Bloomberg, he's been writing that, I think he wrote for Bloomberg for like two days or something, but he's been riding that train anyway, but he's in cahoots with Kathy, big time, and when I put my, hey, I'm no longer under Kathy's  slap post, he sent me a message and he said, you were under a non-compete, seems silly, and I was like, the  kind of message is that?

9:30 - Stewart Rogers
  First of all, let me just remind everybody in Europe and in the United Kingdom, there is no such thing as a non-compete, it's completely against everything, and you can win that every single time in a court if necessary.

9:43 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  Well, not according to Kathy's lawyers. No, no, no, no, no.

9:48 - Stewart Rogers
  You can knock it out of the park.

9:50 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  She did what she needed to do, she scared the  out of me, she came at me with a bunch of lawyers, I went to some lawyers, paid $1,400, and they were like, yeah, this is airtight.  You're .

10:01 - Stewart Rogers
  No, no, no. Anyway. No, there's no such thing as a non-compete. It's completely against all human rights. It's a human right violation.  Anyway, to make a long story short, too late.

10:12 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  You know, that message from Chris, I was just like, what the  is this? And I got a little drunk on St.  Patrick's Day, and I sent him a message and I just said, what the  was the point of sending me this message?  You know, I realized I never, what did I say? I said, I never thought of you as a messenger boy, but I guess that's what you are.  Well, he, needless to say, disconnected from me on LinkedIn and blah, blah, blah. And I just thought to myself, you know what?  I'm so  fed up with tech. I don't want to have anything to do with tech anymore. You know, I'm 50 years old.  I've worked in this industry for a quarter of a century. I know I'm preaching to the choir here, but I'm just like, it's all tech.  Tech bros or, quite frankly, you're on headphones, right? Yeah, good. It's either tech bros or uppity  who've got their  panties in a wad and are convinced that all men are bad.  Just because daddy didn't love them enough and or somebody burned them once along the line, all men are bad.

11:23 - Stewart Rogers
  Go  yourself.

11:25 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  I'm in time of trying to prove I'm a good, decent guy. Yep. So I got a lead on a company that works with building, basically building the pipeline, the infrastructure for Wales, the United Kingdom, Northern Ireland, and Scotland, single-use plastics.  Oh, wow.

11:47 - Stewart Rogers
  And they, like, I had a really good interview.

11:50 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  I was introduced by Raf. Like, the woman was, like, for the interview, I built a demo dashboard of, like, stuff.  She was like, how did you do this? Yes. That's it. I built this with Claude Coates. He's like, no, no, Claude doesn't do that.  I said, yes, like, anyway, like,  that we think is normal, it's amazing. When you step outside of tech, people think the  that we do, we know every day.

12:13 - Stewart Rogers
  It's magic. Yeah, their minds are blown.

12:16 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  And so it's like, it's a fractional job, which is kind of annoying, but whatever. You know, I got another thing going with a buddy of mine that I started the photography business with like a decade and a half ago, he went to work for Automatic, and he's now, he left Automatic at just the right time before Matt went bonkers.  And he's like head of design for trainings for a company called Weibo, weibo.co or .com, whatever, I don't know.  Anyway, he's testing a theory with me, which is trainers are boring. So let's take entertainers and give them a script to read.  I. No. I've read four scripts, you know, for three hours each with this engineering company based in the Netherlands, and they  love me.  So he wants to up my participation. So I'm kind of like, you know, writing content production.  that . I'm done.  I don't want to do it anymore.

13:21 - Stewart Rogers
  I'm so worried. I mean, one of the reasons we pivoted to, I mean, yeah, we do a strategic advice on communities and ecosystem strategies for companies, not just startups, companies.  Some of them are startups, some of them are not, you know, and we also pivoted to working on experiences, activations, stuff like that, but with real creators, because, you know, art is amazing.  We say that art and lovers save the world. I mean, you know, art, music, DJs, dancers, whatever, like, and it, it opens up your, your whole worldview.  Um, what was it called? Clark's third law, going back to your last point, any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.  And yeah, the stuff we do, other people think is magic. You could even, frankly, get onto Eleven Labs, upload three and a half minutes of your voice, and then just pump the script in and let it read out for you exactly as it was you.  And you don't even have to read the scripts. You know, people wouldn't know. And if you told them, they think, wow, that's possible.  Well, that sounds like David Copperfield without the handsiness.

14:41 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  The thing that I liked handsiness. The thing about that is, the thing about that is, is I've said that Luca and I have had that discussion.  And he said, well, here's the thing. He said, especially in today's AI world, we could do exactly that. We could.  We did AI everything. And he said, but what people actually pay for is analog. They want to see you show up and a human being.  He said, you know, I mean, the greatest piece of advice he gave me, he said to me, he's like, look, I'm not part of that kink world that you are into, but, you know, but I think something will hit home.  And he said, sometimes people just want to be told what to do. And I was like, I mean, the man has a point.  Right. So, yeah. So that's the thing is, is they want me to show up like this and tell them what to do.  Do I know a  thing about structural engineer? Not a  clue, but you know who does? Claude. And I've developed a whole Claude pipeline where I feed Claude, like Luca gives me the talking points.  I feed it to Claude. I run it through the Dan Taylor generator. And then I tell it, okay, the firm, go research the firm first.  They're an engineer. engineer. engineer. They're They're Thank The examples, don't give me startup world, give me engineering world. So a couple of weeks ago, I talked about the Elizabeth Line construction.  I talked about a tunnel in Switzerland. I talked about, I said, the company has a lot of projects in Brazil.  There's some bridge in Brazil that was being, like, I don't know, but you know, I just, you know, the thing is, I just sit there and I talk with authority and people tend to listen.

16:25 - Stewart Rogers
  Exactly. I bet that bridge in Brazil is very smooth.

16:30 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  Well, I can tell you what, there's no turf on it. Woo hoo!

16:37 - Stewart Rogers
  I mean, I would, I would dearly love to get back into just the, um, uh, the voice acting  because, you know, there's nothing, nothing better than, you know, sitting there with a script.  I've got a bit of a reputation as one take Rogers. So, you know, if a script is 10 minutes long, 10 minutes work and they give me a grand, I'm happy.  recently. .. Well, then what are you telling me for?

17:03 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  Just do it.

17:04 - Stewart Rogers
  I should just do it. Actually, I was looking into, I was looking at Agentic AI the other day, and I was thinking, what could we do that's massively scalable, very easy, works for regular businesses, using agents, and I've come up with an idea.  I've got a friend who's very good at coding, but you're also very good at coding when it comes to Claude and .  Apparently. So, how's about this? Here's an opportunity, because we're building something else with this other friend, so I don't want to muddy the waters.  I've developed a whole bunch of scripts based on prompts that use correct customer communication and psychological communication to chase money.  Now, what we do is we build, basically. obviously, and And we're going to do it on the basis of outcome as a service.  So basically, we stick up a website, we say, you know, our agent can chase outstanding payments cheaper, faster and better than you.  It's free. And if we bring that money back in, that's, you know, over 30 days due, we take 10%.  Simple as that. 10% of all success. We build a Claude, you know, basically build a Claude agent using the prompts I've created that have all the right types of communication in all the right places.  You know, it starts out with a completely non-adversarial tone, working with you to solve this problem. And, you know, escalates, escalates, escalates, but never does what most people do.  Which, you know, most people People who are sitting there in admin or accounts, they get on the phone when it's 45 days past, and they're like, but you have to send us your money, or else we're to take you to a small claims call.  That never works. You know, it's completely banal. We can even put it into, I've architected it all now. I know exactly what needs to be used when, it can even make a phone call for you and leave, you know, voice messages and stuff like that using text-to-voice.  And basically, we just set it up. And, you know, we asked the company to attach their credit card. Or, even better, attach it to Stripe, give a one-click payment link to the people who should be paying the invoice, the money comes into our account, we keep the commission and send the rest of the company that's hired us.  That's an accounting nightmare, but okay. MVP version is, you send us a list of all your invoices with the name of it.  Contact, email of the contact, number of the contact, and, you know, we'll run our agent on it, and anything we bring in, we get 10%.  The full version of it is integration into Xero, QuickBooks, FreshBooks, and Sage, and we just do it.

20:17 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  Clicky, the link I just sent you.

20:21 - Stewart Rogers
  You just sent me a link?

20:23 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  Yeah, well, in chat, but I can send it in time. Ah, in chat, nice, okay, I got it.

20:28 - Stewart Rogers
  cool messages. Checking you. Yeah, the Ophilus, yeah. Sounds like that. The deck collection, so it leverages AI and behavioral science.  Yeah, I mean, it sounds like that. I'm just gonna run it as an agent.

20:51 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  And I'm not saying, I'm not saying that we can't build a better mousetrap. yeah i mean i'm not talking about doing what these guys and

21:00 - Stewart Rogers
  Everybody else who copies the Silicon Valley model does, which is go out there, tell a good story, and get a  ton of investment for it.  No, no, no. Just  set it up and get it out there.

21:09 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  I tell you what, Stewart, that's another thing that this woman that I spoke to about the fractional CMO, basically, is I said, you know, because she was saying, I said, what's the end game?  And she said, well, you know, I could go for another round of financing, but I thought, why should I give 20%, 20 more percent of my company away?  And I told her, I said, I said, you know what, I, in the past five years or so, I have really come to respect the companies that I never hear about, the ones that don't raise any funding, they build a product, they go out, they sell it, they generate revenue, they reinvest the money, they build a better product, and they just scale.  So, she said, yes, exactly, I mean, we are so. you, let me tell you something.

21:58 - Stewart Rogers
  So, my first. The first time I ran a company was when I was 21. I was headhunted by the then managing director.  He then decided to be the chairman, sit back, and he put me in as MD of the software side, and he put another guy in as MD of the hardware side.

22:16 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  should have done? Anyway.

22:19 - Stewart Rogers
  I  it up massively because I was 21. I mean, that being said, I had some fun times. I pulled in 300,000 pounds from Citibank.  And it was the most hilarious meeting you've ever seen in your life. Look how hip I am with my two-liter...  Yeah, anyway. Sorry. Is a Stanley?

22:38 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  I can't afford that . It's a Bodum.

22:43 - Stewart Rogers
  Bodum? Nice. Well, that's good. Little, $12.99. The Citibank meeting where I grabbed 300 grand from them in one meeting, I was sitting at the board table with the board members in Citibank in Lewisham.  Yeah, And imagine me, 21, That's... people. thing... I mean, I looked about 15, and they all had that look on their faces that was like, why are we all talking to a schoolboy?  But I still took 300 grand from them in that one meeting.

23:11 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  But this is like first.com boom, right? Like, this is the, oh, yeah, the kids know what they're doing. Give them money.

23:18 - Stewart Rogers
  This was the company that got sunk by Bill Gates, because our software worked on CPM. And then basically Bill Gates came along with this  MS-DOS .  And, you know, he had more money than we did. And we couldn't afford to port the software to MS-DOS.  And everybody started using that. We couldn't do anything about it. But I went away and I learned sales craft.  And I went away and I learned marketing craft. And I went away and I was an IT director of a big book publishing company.  And then I went back to running a company. Every single company I ran, the first one was Createform. We sold that for 20 million to bottom line technology.  Triple-digit growth year-on-year for seven years. 95% retention of staff. I learned everything I needed to learn about how not to do stuff, how to actually sell, how to market, all contrarian to what people were doing.  None of this hard sell , none of this advertising banners , none of that. Contrarian, but it worked. And then every single software company I ran, same process, triple-digit growth, high retention of staff, great results.  At one point, we had 80% of the Fortune 500 using our software. That's how good it was. And none of it took a cent of anyone else's money.  I think organic growth, just do what it takes to run a  business the way a business should be run.  And somehow, somehow we got stuck in this loop of, let's put a pretty boy from Stanford, send him to the Rosewood Hotel, you know, do some handshakes.  Exactly. Thank And convince somebody that reminds them of their youth to give them $175 million for a juice box.   off.

25:07 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  Yeah, mean, again, this is why I want to step out of tech or, I mean, I realize that this company I'm looking at, hopefully working with, it's tech tangential.  I mean, they use a lot of tech. mean, they're in polymers, right? Like, yeah, but I it's it's kind of like I, you know, like, yeah, that's a side.  But, yeah, it's to me, the way I see it is, OK, it's a fractional thing. But she, you know, I said to her, I was like, what's the end goal?  And she said, well, basically, I want to be acquired. And I said, let me guess, it's either Suez or Bifra, Bifra.  And she went, yeah, that's exactly right. And I said, and I'm going to guess that Bifra doesn't have the infrastructure in place yet.  So it's got to be Suez. And she's like, you already understand the business. I said, you should have made me a job offer.  Yeah, so it was, it was, it was good. But like, I see this as like, like I said, I'm 50 years old, I really want to work for about another 15 years, maybe, you know, and like, I just, I just feel like for 25 years, I've been spinning my wheels in tech, getting nowhere, getting  messages from Chris Spillane that are like, rubbing my nose in it.  And I'm like, you know what,  y'all.  all of you.

26:23 - Stewart Rogers
  Yeah, I'm super cynical about the industry. I still see. And that's why we're still doing some projects like Evie, like Flow Dealer, you know, there's a few projects where I see a gap, and people that we want to hug behind the scenes.  But they're few and far between. You know, I'd, I'd much rather be, you know, doing something I want, I want to build something that's passive income.  And I think, you know, if I think back to the 19. 19. From 90s to now, nothing has changed in terms of small to medium enterprises not getting paid on finance.  Nothing. It's probably worse. And I just think,  it. Let's just build a  little solution, a bit of Python, or whatever.

27:19 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  Dude, I'll tell you what, speaking of which, Python. Oh my god, where was this my entire life?

27:26 - Stewart Rogers
  Python is  magnet.
  ACTION ITEM: Draft collections-agent MVP from transcript; then implement MVP (list-based, 10% success fee) - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/-nqgoPqr-rbLvPna3xJyrMjHmsyTcRYp?timestamp=1650.9999

27:27 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  I mean, I literally have four agents running right now. I'm checking CloudCode. It's debugging. Oh, look, it's done. It's debugging a process.  Okay. You know what? Let's talk about that idea. Don't send me your prompts because I am recording this. Let me take the transcript and see if I can build something off of this.  And let me throw another idea at you. I had a conversation with Morrow. Wire strippers, man. These... I had a conversation with Mauro from Black Unicorn, because quite frankly, there is nothing more than I would like to see than Black Unicorn succeed, because they are CEW's main competitor.  That's JJ's company, right?

28:25 - Stewart Rogers
  Yeah.

28:26 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  So anyway, so we had a conversation, and Mauro, I said to him, like, what is your biggest pain point?  Like, what causes you the most amount of time, energy, and effort right now? And he said, well, admin. And we got into the conversation, and I'll show it to you once it actually works.  But basically, I'm this close to fulfilling his pain point, and I'm testing it, and basically, it's Slack and Asana.  Right. And it's sort of working right now. I just need more data. But anyway, but he threw a really interesting idea at me, and he said, well, look.  said, you know, I've been doing this agency for X, Y amount of years, I would like to build a product and then sell that to all PR agencies and just, you know,  off and be done with it.  And I just thought, well, now there's an idea.

29:18 - Stewart Rogers
  Factiverse, you remember Factiverse? No. Do you know how that started? Basically, that started as, you know, I've been friends with Maria for a long time.  And she said, I want to build something that enables journalists to fact check in, you know, less of a minute rather than fact checking everything in half an hour.  And we did like a sort of no product focus group of me and a few other journalists. And then that turned into the fastest real time fact checking solution out there.  And now they're part of the NATO Diana program and a lot of stuff, right? That's how it started. But at the same time, there were a lot of people who were coming to me and saying, oh, I hear.  Yeah. From Maria, that you're giving input and ideas on PR software. We're trying to build something. None of those came to fruition, but you and I both intimately know exactly what a piece of PR software that could be shipped to every PR company has to do and needs to do, especially now that on the FlowDealer side, Dima, who is doing the coding and running the company, he built Claudio Forte, which is our bot in Claud.  It's Italian, so it keeps saying andiamo and stuff like that. You wouldn't believe how smart this thing is. You know, I tried to immediately trip it up.  And, you know, my first response to it was a bunch of Gen Z speak. Like, oh, my God, this is Loki.  Loki, I can't. And then I put. Then I put bracket Gen Z mode equals off, and his reply was, I got you.  We're not going to be talking in Gen Z speak. He totally understood. We had a great conversation. And it's there to do tasks.  It knows what Ksenia's strengths are, my strengths are, other team members. It knows what it can do for us, how it can work for us.  It knows what to expect from us. It's a full blown  employee. And it's amazing. If we took everything you and I both know about PR.  Yeah. And created something that uses a gigantic AI to keep on top of all of the pitches, follow ups, email, Q and a interview request, booking, you know, booking the interview call, you know, booking the broadcast media call, you know, everything.
  ACTION ITEM: Email Dan collections-agent structure/prompts + PR-bot videos/screenshots - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/-nqgoPqr-rbLvPna3xJyrMjHmsyTcRYp?timestamp=1909.9999  Yeah, it would, it would fly. It would fly. I'll you. you.

32:00 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  I'll tell you what, let me let me send you I'll do some video because like it's it's local hosted right now.  So I can't show it to you. I'll do some video. I'll send some videos and see what you think of.  I mean, like NDA, right?  you. Don't steal my idea.

32:16 - Stewart Rogers
  Same for the other way around. If you want, I'll send you I'll send you my structure for the payment thing.  OK, send it to me.

32:23 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  Let me let me.

32:25 - Stewart Rogers
  There's a lot of psychology in there.

32:26 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  I mean, I actually I actually ponied up and have Claude Max now. So I've got Claude Max, dude, haiku, haiku, anything lower than four point six opus.  I don't even bother.

32:44 - Stewart Rogers
  This has given me a great idea. We should do a movie as well. A new action hero coming this summer.  Claude Max. Max Claude. Max Claude is a great name. Claude. Anyway, that's my that's my  name. Anyway. Anyway.

33:00 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  Basically, what he was saying is that, you know, all of the chitchat happens in Slack, like, hey, did you do this?  Hey, have you worked on this press release? Oh, I spoke to this person. And he said, you know, and then at the end of the week, I've got my people going into Asana and manually entering.  What did they do? Tag it, you know, tag it to the client, da-di-da-di-da. And so I've sat down with Claude Max for the past 36 hours, roughly.  And I built a bot inside Slack. So it can then compile everything. It outputs it in a JSON file.  Claude then reads the JSON file and says, okay, well, here's the semantics. Okay, this person, this. And it matches it with the clients.  It can then determine, like, by the way, did anyone follow up with the reporter from Protocol? She was interested in Series A story.  Okay, so that gets tagged as a certain la-di-da-di It then gets shot out to a dashboard, which, in my opinion, looks quite beautiful.  I'll send you a picture of it.

33:58 - Stewart Rogers
  And then that, and

34:00 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  At the same time, that dashboard is generated off this JSON file, but the JSON file then gets pushed to Asana by an API, and it just shows up.  It's in a massive table of client, who, when, what's the due date. I mean, Morrow is having people manually do this.

34:15 - Stewart Rogers
  I mean, I literally do it in two minutes.

34:19 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  Yeah.

34:19 - Stewart Rogers
  And then you take it on a little bit more. And, you know, like, look at MetaPR, Julia. Her team is small, but they work like most small PR companies.  They're literally killing themselves. They've been, like, 18 hours a day. It's crazy. You know, her team shouldn't need to shrink.  But if there was an agent having most of the conversations with the journalists and keeping up with them and doing all this sort of stuff, and again, using a bit of psychology.  Like, I'll tell you, I'll tell you the one thing you need to write to follow up with somebody. So, just  All you need to do is reply to your sent email and type the words, sending this again in case it didn't arrive, dot, dot, dot.  Nothing else. No signature. That's it. First of all, replying to a sent email gets it past most spam filters because now spam filter thinks this is a conversation.  And then second of all, you're not signing it. You're not angry. You're not pushy just, and you're not blaming them.  You're blaming the internet, right? It works 80% of the time, like 80% of the time works all the time.  Um, so, you know, stuff like that, uh, and then having really good proper conversations with people because we know exactly which prompt to put in, uh, to further the conversation.  Um, it's all very easy in PR. It's like, if someone agrees to embargo, you send the press release and.  goes Um, You offered them an email Q&A or an interview, which would you like? Click here if you want to book your interview slot, and it's a  Google Calendar link.

36:06 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  Dude, I had this conversation with Ella Shiva a couple weeks ago.

36:11 - Stewart Rogers
  Oh, yeah.

36:12 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  I said to her, she's grand. She is another one who, you know, I love her, but, you know, she says to me, like, oh, well, I'm not going to lie.  Occasionally, there's some GPT involved in my work. I'm like, occasionally? First of all, GPT. And second of all, occasionally, you know, I'm like, are you  kidding me, sweetheart?  Like, I, you know, AI, whatever, whatever your stance is on it, if you're not using it, you are literally painting yourself as a dinosaur right now.  Yep.

36:45 - Stewart Rogers
  You know? Yeah, choose your favorite. Are you an archosaurus? Exactly.

36:49 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  Exactly. And especially, you know, like right now, I get what she's doing. You know, it's the human touch on everything.  But I'm thinking about founders five years from now. Five Five years from now, these kids that are entering high school or entering university right now, five years from now, when they want to start a business, if you're not doing  by AI, they're going to look at you like, okay, boomer, you know?

37:13 - Stewart Rogers
  Exactly. So, yeah, I'd love to craft something that allows people like Meta PR to stay the same size, not remove people, work eight hours a day.  Yeah. And service five to 10 times more  comments. Like, come on.

37:35 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  Now here's, okay, now here's a, and like, you probably got to get going. I got to leave in like four minutes, but here's the thing for you.  And this is, I realize this is probably maybe just being jaded and an , but I am.

37:53 - Stewart Rogers
  Me?

37:55 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  You know, like the whole go direct philosophy. Okay. Good. I, in my perfect world, and I hate to say this, well, I don't hate to say this, in my perfect world, tech-focused PR agencies will all go out of business in the next five years because, and I had to explain this to Anaheim.

38:17 - Stewart Rogers
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, you're right.

38:19 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  Why, why, if I'm a startup, and I'm watching Burn Rate, right, why the  would I hand Kathy White, or JJ, or you, or me, quite frankly, four grand a month to basically send some  emails, right, because that is what you do as PR.

38:41 - Stewart Rogers
  I mean, yeah, I mean, there's certain, there's a certain amount of crafting when it comes to the release and the pitch, but after that, it's all just grunt.

38:50 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  But, but don't tell me that that crafting can't be trained and learned. Oh, I know it can.

38:54 - Stewart Rogers
  It definitely can, right?

38:56 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  So I'm thinking to myself, like, okay, uh... If I build a product, if we build a product, let's say, a PR suite, right, who do I sell this to first?  Early  bird. Hey, Elisheba, for $10,000 a month, I will license some software to you. Every single one of your startups could plug into.  Here's what I need from them. I need the mission statement. I need access to their revenues. I need this.  I need that. Like this woman that I'm talking to about the plastics, I told her, I said, I don't answer emails anymore.  She said, what do you mean? I got a couple of replies from you. I said, you think I wrote them?  She went, oh, you don't? I said, I get every two hours, I get a summary of what landed in my inbox, what actually came to me, and what the replies were.  If I need to fix them, I will go back and send out, oh, hey, by the way, sorry. She said, so I haven't been talking to you.  I said, sweet. I didn't say sweetheart, but I thought, sweetheart, the only thing I did was show up for this call.  I didn't do any of that.

39:57 - Stewart Rogers
  Like I've programmed. mind.

39:58 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  So the point is... Ella Shiva was saying, well, yeah, but you know, like, oh, there's all this coordination with journalists, and you've got to, like, do the timing and set things up.  And I said to her, that's what Calendly is for, or Google Calendar. She said, yeah, but a founder shouldn't be.  I said, no, a founder shouldn't be. But you, as a VC firm, if you really want to provide this value add that you all  talk about, you've all been talking about for 20 years, then give your port coast something valuable.  Give them a software package that says, hey, you don't need to hire a PR firm. We offer that for you.  And Early Bird buys that, Balderton buys it, Creandum buys it, and we just tweak it a little bit for each one.

40:40 - Stewart Rogers
   you. Done. Easy. That's it, right? Nice. Anyway, I got to bounce.

40:48 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  I'll talk to you soon. Send me your prompts if you want. Let's carry this conversation on further, because  tech, and I want to get rich and just get out.

40:56 - Stewart Rogers
  And I'm going to be an  and just say one thing to you. Yeah. Yeah.

41:02 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  Oh, dude, it's sitting at the end of my kitchen table. It's wrapped in bubble wrap.

41:11 - Stewart Rogers
  I know.

41:12 - D. Taylor (dantaylormedia@gmail.com)
  Well, to be honest with you, okay, , I'm going to be late. To be honest with you, the reason it's sitting there, the ghost sauce is currently unavailable.  Yeah. I want to get the ghost pepper sauce and the bomb and put them in one box and send it.  Okay. Love you. Bye. Love you. Bye.